1.What is padding and margin and when do you use them.
ans--  PADDING--- 
            Padding properties are used to generate space around an element's content,
             inside of any defined borders.
 With CSS, you have full control over the padding. There are properties for
 setting the padding for each side of an element (top, right, bottom, and left).

Similar to margin, CSS has properties for specifying the padding for each side of
an element:
● padding-top
● padding-right
● padding-bottom
● padding-left

MARGIN---
  When no defined borders surround an element, a space is created using the CSS
margin attributes.
 You have complete control over the margins through CSS. Each side of an
element can have its margin set using attributes (top, right, bottom, and left).

 CSS has properties for specifying the margin for each side of an element:
1. margin-top
2. margin-right
3. margin-bottom
4. margin-left

2.What is diplay property and explain diplay inline, block, and inline block.
● The display property specifies the display behavior (the type of rendering box) of an
element.
● In HTML, the default display property value is taken from the HTML specifications or
from the browser/user default style sheet. The default value in XML is inline,
including SVG elements.
● Syntax:
display: value;


3.Explain min-height, min-width, max-height, and max-width in CSS.

ans --- ## Min-height----
              In CSS, the min-height property is used to specify an element's minimum height.
              The min-height attribute is utilised when the content of an element is less than the
              specified minimum height; otherwise, it has no impact.
           This property makes sure that the height property value is greater than the
           minimum height of the element under consideration.

                ● Syntax:
                     min-height: length|initial(default)|inherit;


          ##Min width-----IN CSS, the min-width property is used to specify an element's minimum width.
                          The width value must be less than the min-width value.
Min-width preserves the set minimum width even if the content supplied within the
element is lower.

● Syntax
min-width: length|initial(default)|inherit;  


          ##Max-height-------
● A CSS element's maximum height can be set using the max-height property.

● The content of the element will overflow if its size exceeds the maximum height
given; otherwise, it has no impact.

● If the element's content is less, it has no impact. The max-height property has the
ability to override the value of the height property.

● Syntax:
max-height: none(default)|length|initial|inherit;  



         ##Max-width property-----

● The max-width property defines the maximum width of an element.

● If the content is larger than the maximum width, it will automatically change the
height of the element.

● If the content is smaller than the maximum width, the max-width property has no
effect.

● Note: This prevents the value of the width property from becoming larger than
max-width. The value of the max-width property overrides the width property.